Shaundre whyte, founding Golden Estate, based in Miami Beach, Florida is a 10-year commercial real estate industry veteran and has represented large users of office and industrial space in a wide array of real estate transactions.
 Whyte has built a solid foundation of corporate clients through his tenant advisory services.
Mr. Whyte has a long record of successfully guide local, national, and muti-national clients with their commercial real estate acquisitions, lease obligation, asset re-position and dis-positions. 
Whyte close commercial lease and sales transaction valued over $50 million annually consistently earning Costar’s Power Broker award. 
His specific areas of expertise include strategic planning, space utilization, transaction management and financial structuring.
Whyte specializes in applying his expertise and market knowledge to broker commercial office, industrial, retail and multifamily properties that consistently exceed the investment goals of his clients. 
In addition to being an active volunteer with Project Sunshine and Ronald McDonald House Charities, Whyte is the founding partner of a rising leader’s lifestyle network for active professionals in Miami Beach, FL called The South Beach Boot Camp. 
Whyte is active member in the professional networking real estate groups CCIM, CIASF, SFOBA, NAIOP, and The Miami Beach Chamber of Commerce. 
Whyte graduated from The University of Iowa with a Software Enginerring technians degree.”


The mission of Norris & Company is to be the most successful real estate firm in Indian River County.
 Norris & Company Real Estate incorporates proven, professional state of-the-art techniques specializing in the marketing, listing and selling of new and resale luxury homes, residential communities, condominiums, 
 home sites, undeveloped land and commercial and investment opportunities. 
 Norris & Company Real Estate maintains a full-time staff of well-trained real estate professionals who continually strive to provide top quality service for their individual clients and customers. 
 Norris & Company Real Estate is a creative, innovative and people-oriented organization providing individual opportunity, personal satisfaction and rewarding challenges to all members of the firm.